Earlier in the program, you learned about message signing.
Message signing is a powerful tool because it allows
us to prove not only the data has not been changed,
but it also allows us to prove who signed that data.
That's great for transparency and fidelity,
but it's a big problem for privacy.
The cartography literally proves your identity.
Ring signatures provide answers to this problem.
Ring signatures are a lot like
traditional message signatures except we aren't validating an individual signer.
Instead, we provide a list of potential signers and
we check that a message has been signed by at least one person on that list.
Let's look at an example.
In this example, Alice wants to sign a message and deliver it to Bob.
Alice begins by generating a private key.
Just like when we talked about private keys elsewhere in this course,
it's extremely important to remember that
private keys must remain absolutely secret at all times.
Alice takes her private key and from that,
she generates a public key.
The public key is safe to share.
In this example, say,
Alice goes to meet Bob face to face and she gives him her public key.
The public keys are all important to Bob.
He doesn't know for sure that as long as Alice has kept her private key secret,
anything he receives that he can unlock with that public key,
has definitely been signed by Alice.
So, Alice can go back now,
and make any message she wants,
pass it through that signing algorithm along with her private key,
and produce a new signed message.
Now, let's look at how to do this with a ring signature algorithm instead.
In this example, Alice goes to meet with Bob and their friends, Charlie and Diane.
Each of them has generated a unique private key for
themselves and each has a corresponding public key.
They put their keys together to make a list or
a ring as it's referred to in this class of algorithm.
We'll call this list, The fabulous four.
Alice, Bob, Charlie, and Diane take their copy of the list and return home.
Since each of them has a private key which
correspond to one of the public keys on the list,
each can sign a message to the group using a ring signature.
A ring signature is a lot like a regular signed message,
except we include a list of the public keys who are eligible signers.
When somebody receives the public key list and the sign message,
they can validate the message to know for
sure that it was signed by somebody on the list,
but there's no way to know exactly who it was.
So now we can create messages to prove with absolute cryptographic certainty that
a member of the group signed the list but
without revealing exactly who they were. That's pretty cool.